signal jammers
	high combo
		commands all do very little at first, but very slowly build up to eventually huge payoffs
			commands are based off the combo counter
			meta coms flip things around? like a jester assassin kinda feel?
		highly likely to have 8 coms at their disposal

	low combo
		commands on their own hit fairly hard, but the combos are very short
			maybe like meta coms immediately cancel out command effects
		there are like 1 or 2 combos that have 2 coms but all the rest are just single com
		in order to balance out the requirement to hit cast at every other beat, make it hard to clear coms in general
			like you should have to look a couple coms ahead to plan

	chaotic/complex
		the options available to you every com are based on rng and have complex interactions with one another
		likes playing at low BPMs

	debuffer
		jammer that has terrible tools for dealing with their own negative gamestate, but who can easily mess with the opponent's gamestate
		shouldn't be great at killing, but should be really annoying to play against

	basic man
		token basic jammer that is bad at nothing but also good at nothing
		beginner jammer/model for the rest of the game

	jammer with unique and finicky resource pool in the form of a super basic cpu-like system
	
	at least one jammer with a non-4/4 measure length

	jammer with a fluctuating number of cpus, where instead of jumping between cpus, they go one up or down

what coms are shared between jammers?

charge system, but where the charge only goes to your active cpu, and makes the effect much stronger

expressive buttons ideas
	only "required" notes hurt you when you miss them
		can be paired with note colors idea
	? change the concept of coms "clearing" notes to notes "empowering" coms. now coms only add to the command if the current note empowers the com (otherwise do chip damage to opponent or something)
	some mechanism whereby you can bail out of a com? or where you can store coms for later?
		maybe something like you have multiple cpus, each with various register states and statements in their memories. you can press the associated number button while on a beat to switch to that cpu. coms overwrite register/instruction state
	different note colors, which do different kinds of damage if you fail to properly clear them

expressive rhythm system ideas
	except for evil notes, completely get rid of notes. instead, do a timing system
		every note has a set of timings. that set changes depending on what part of the measure and what part of the beat the note was played on
		after playing a note, the next note must be played during one of the timing windows
		for example, a note might have timings equivalent to an eighth note and a triplet. say the player plays the note at measure position 1. the next note must be played close to either 1.333333 or 1.5. if the note is played on 1.33333, future note timings will likely be restricted to multiples/factors of triplets to not sound weird

com idea dump
	register damage lower all registers of cpu by 1 to 0 at lowest
	lock off a cpu from any changes for x beats
	bpm damage
	hurt opponent x pts over y beats
	hurt opponent with large x, then x-1, x-2, so on until 0
	steal opponent's registers - for your current cpu and their current cpu, set your registers equal to theirs, and set theirs to zero
	scramble registers
	lifesteal damage
	for any kind of "damaging" effect, there can be an equivalent "evil note"
		evil notes cause a single unit of the effect if the player fails to totally clear them (including symbol values etc)
	boomerang (hits once, waits a while, hits again. if opponent "dodges" it hurts the player)
	cpu measures the average accuracy of [the last n hits on it / every hit on it since last cast] and that accuracy determines chance to hit on certain instrs
	explosion that hits you as much or more as it hits the opponent
	booby trapping cpus/registers/coms/measure positions/note symbols
		for whatever gameplay object is booby trapped, interacting with it (ie hitting a com, switching or adding to a cpu, clearing a certain note symbol, etc) deals damage to you
		various ways it could work
			you and opponent are both booby trapped, whoever hits it first takes damage and clears it for both
			only your opponent is trapped, and only for a certain number of turns
